Get rid of pkg_resources (#2994)
quiltdata/quilt: docs/CHANGELOG.md

## Python API
* [Fixed] Fix check to determine if a file is a tempfile in Windows with Python 3.8+ ([#2900](https://github.com/quiltdata/quilt/pull/2900))
* [Changed] Disable upload optimization for objects with SSE-KMS ([#2790](https://github.com/quiltdata/quilt/pull/2790))

> * [Fixed] Sped up import and got rid of undeclared runtime dependency on `setuptools` ([#2994](https://github.com/quiltdata/quilt/pull/2994))

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* [Fixed] Speed up import and get rid of undeclared runtime dependency on `setuptools` ([#2994](https://github.com/quiltdata/quilt/pull/2994))
```
